Board of Directors Meeting

Attendance:
- [x] storce
- [ ] rsang
- [x] jaysa
- [x] sbwilliams

- [x] msonmez
- [x] joiew
- [x] sawansri
- [x] erdaifu

- [x] jingwenyang
- [x] finwan
- [x] eariespraud
- [ ] knivesng
- [x] lukepeters
- [x] danliu
- [ ] michaelzls
- [ ] blakeh
- [x] ncostello
- [x] ericgu

Guests:

- marcelinevallev
- vqbc
- lydiaywang
- ethanhu

Quorum for this meeting is 13/18

Meeting Started at 6:48PM

## administrivia
- 25live (campus space reservation platform) for OCF booking.
    - neat + transparent
    - storce: SUFMO can see bookings, we can track our own event bookings
    - sbwilliams: doesnt that limit our booking of our own space? i want to verify that it is bod and bod only which would determine the booking of a space
        - based on their description of 25live, it didnt seem like we'd have much control...
        - id want to hear from Event Services
        - storce: cool, ill reach out and check about that

- Union of Open CS Clubs with BERK1337
    - BERK1337 sent an email about union of open CS clubs (ones that have no application process). wish blakeh was here since CSUA is involved too? 
    - sbwilliams: will that mean they'll start publishing repos publicly...? what does "open" mean here?
    - storce: more of an informal alliance
    - vqbc: open as in anyone can join or open source?
    - storce: pretty sure they just mean open admission
    - storce: mailing list?
        - jaysa: we have our discord
    - sbwilliams: this is good for normie clubs but not us tbh
        - IF they go foss or they become more foss im down tho
    - joiew: if we join up with them and they do something weird or bad, reflects badly on us... could anger ASUC
        - dont see why we'd need to join
    - storce: will bring up more relevant stuff next meeting
    - joiew: would ASUC be ok with something like this?
        - vqbc: just LARP i dont think they would be
        - sbwilliams: ok FOSS would be cool tho

- Post retreat accounting
    - Thank you for the retreat! Everyone was super helpful. Especially Mina and Carl for handling the bulk of the logistics and finances.
    - Juice & Water + Grocery Uber + First day Safeway + Instacart Costco ~= $700...?
        - Going over the previous allocation of $800. We are likely looking at a little over 1k 
        - Blanket allocation of $1100?
            - sbwilliams: this is much higher than our initial allocation? we should have a larger discussion about this
            - sbwilliams: this money is primarily for tech purposes, and if this continues happening...
            - vqbc: we should do a larger discussion about cost-cutting but we need to get through this time-wise
            - sbwilliams: can't we cover the difference later if needed?
            - storce: there's already reimbursement over the allocation. we already spent the money. we can go over future prevention.
        - last time we allocated 1.5k to retreat but went under
        - msonmez: i factored in last semester's "leftover" retreat money into this semester
        - sbwilliams: 1900 across the 2 retreats, which im not super comfortable about this... we should keep it under 5% of total jane street allocation.
        - msonmez: if there was a concern about going over the budget I wouldn't have planned this retreat, there was much interest
            - i do it because people want it not because I want it, it's on someone else to plan
            - msonmez: was not the goal to go over our expenses
        - unless we go to Senate to appeal or get our large hardware purchases out of the way, maybe we should put off doing retreat / doing it less frequently...
        - sbwilliams: perhaps we should codify how much we should put toward retreat each semester
            - im only comfortable with increasing the allocation if its accompanied by a codified policy about budgeting for retreat
        - storce: ok, if you codify the policy and we bring it next bod and put it into bylaws
        - storce: erdaifuu + storce would have to wait a week to get funded, but if bylaw is ready by next week, then we can refund to ensure going over-budget like this doesn't happen again

- SWE event this saturday and sunday, Nix meetup next week. 
    - Opstaff for sunday? 9:00AM to 3:00PM
        - eariespraud: yep, allocation opstaff to cover these hours!
        - to watch the middle-schoolers for the SWE++ event!
    - will email SUFMO to remind them of all this
        - storce: technically after 6PM building is closed but andy never followed up with me on how to properly schedule this event.
        - jaysa: for ppl at nix event, what to keep in mind
        - storce: issue nametags. im trying to see if email confirmation from luma is good enough
        - storce: asked MLK staff to have a confirmation email from luma
- should we raise color quota for the end of this semester?
    - this is blakeh's item but he's out :(
    - sbwilliams: we can do this with SM approval as well
        - we should maybe formalize but atm SMs are allowed to raise the quota!
- nominations!!!
    - you can nominate just 1 head for a position
    - constitution states only those on bod can run for positions
        - storce: we can waive this for certain members, though
        - sbwilliams and jaysa: no, people should be constant bod numbers before being nominated
    - sbwilliams: please CHECK ANNOUNCEMENTS since we are doing async nominations
        - you can nominate yourself

- Adding lukegon to BOD, sawansri and jaysa vouches
    - mostly bc erdaifuu wants a second head to help him out
    - VOTE: 17 FOR, 1 ABSTAIN
    - lukegon not added until next week technically

## operations

- OM hiring
    - storce: making opstaff an official campus job
        1. would require us securing an official funding source
            - CACSSF does not provide recurring funding
            - student fee referendum is the other option
                - storce: we've been hesitant to pursue this for some years
                - jaysa: it would be on top of existing SSF money, so we would be charging students overall more
                - sbwilliams: extra money going towards OCF would be worth it though imo, it's a good campus resource
                - ethanhu: increasing return-to-aid clause on OCF fee?
                - storce: would be a large effort that would take a very long time
            - joiew: why do this?
                - storce: we wouldn't have uncertainty of not receiving CACSSF money
                    - also opstaff are currently taxed as "self-employed" so they pay extra taxes
            - jaysa: 2 main questions, would we retain control over **hiring** and **scheduling**?
        2. get opstaff approved
        3. get campus to approve
  
## internal
- tech talk next week!
    - storce: we could do next tuesday!
  
## finance
- ordered 3 staplers to replace broken ones, ordered more paper coming on fri/thu

## decal
- sawansri: last optional lec this tuesday
- erdaifuu: get your trainings done if you want to be on the form!

## design

## rebuild
- jaysa: spam on death, dealing with it by blocking ips by hand atm
- sbwilliams: many ISO tickets, econreview
    - jaysa: econreview has the footer.php of all time bro
    - if the fans sounds lound and death's load average is about 2-3 and more like 8-9 LET ME KNOW

Meeting Adjourned at ${end_time}

Notetaker: jaysa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


