Board of Directors Meeting

Attendance:
- [vacuum] waddles

Board:
- [fluttershy] storce
- [tall] rsang
- [4pm] jaysa
- [here] sbwilliams

- [noodles] msonmez
- [ ] joiew
- [meerkat] sawansri
- [laptops] erdaifuu

- [ ] jingwenyang
- [toner] finwan
- [heya] eariespraud
- [ ] knivesng
- [noodles] lukepeters
- [papyrus] danliu
- [bsod] chamburr
- [sans] michaelzls
- [noodles] blakeh
- [cost-sharing] ncostello
- [noodles] ericgu

Quorum for this meeting is 16/19

Guests:
- lukegon


Meeting Started at 18:51

## administrivia
- storce: rsang is too tall...

- storce: SUFMO trouble with SWE++. We closed on Saturday so people congregated outside
    - Resolved now; see @officers email chain
    - Going forward we have to:
        - Log all our public-facing events in OCF Gcal (show bod how to access it)
        - Notify SUFMo of the events and cc them in reservation requests
    - let's try not to anger the sufmo gods

- michaelzls: project management & bod procedure
    - moved rebuild to the end of bod, since it tends to take a long time
    - need better project management
    - integrate gh project board with bod notes?
    - e.g. NOT "Action Items" but "standardized indexable md format (not all caps)"
    - discuss them after each bod
    - I can draft a procedure
    - also extend bod length?
    - storce: this has been brought up several times in the past... maybe we can just move some stuff to general meetings that don't require votes
    - michaelzls: so make GM more serious basically?
    - rsang: yes, some more rebuild updates, project info
    - jaysa: but no ability to vote on technical items
        - if we have rebuild at the end, people can leave bod if not interested
        - basically we feel like technical discussion at bod is too rushed
        - good for everyone to have more input when they're working on something
    - storce: just concerned about extending bod to 2 hours...
    - michaelzls: keep lengthy discussions to GM; decision making in rebuild and bod
        - if we're rushing bod, extend bod
        - rsang: except that sometimes clashes with a formal GM event (tech talk), etc. otherwise ok with extending bod
    - michaelzls: should we do a more structured GM resembling bod notes? (need notetaker)
        - project management relevant in GM
        - rsang: GM notes made every week + project board
        - let's talk with internal about how this will work, e.g. how to run this logistically
        - (discussion about whether and where to take notes separately from bod notes)
        - rsang: or we could just extend bod notes with a section for post-adjournment discussions
        - michaelzls: so bod end time is when we stop voting?
        - rsang, jaysa: yes. bod + gm convergence!
        - michaelzls: nice. i can writeup a runbook for this

  
## finance
- finwan: stickers are finally here! there are like a million in the cabinet
- jaysa: gpus messed up amazon order, will be delivered eventually
- finwan: toner, paper, etc. ordered
- blakeh: will send links to buy COLOUR PRINTER!
- jaysa: buying a minipc to replace termites
    - lukepeters: how much power?
    - michaelzls: not a potato
    - jaysa, rsang: maybe a system76 mini. can be repurposed later. not a mac mini.
        - framework desktop?
    - rsang: future proofing
    - jaysa: blanket $1k mini pc allocation?
    storce: vote. 14 in favour 2 abstain. (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ 
    - if you have opinions, talk to me tonight!


## operations
- eariespraud: things broke.
    - colour printer... every morning probably
    - don't know why, tried power cycling, but that was worse.
    - it is maybe down now, idk
    - blakeh: we have nothing left to try...
    - jaysa: decomission for now?
    - (nah we'll just keep it best effort until we get the new one. midterm season)

- eariespraud: we're POPULAR!
    - rsang: we're in syllabi, all over the place.
    - jaysa: ocf expansion 101
    - (take over b&g...)
    - more money for hiring opstaff

- eariespraud: not the windows april fool prank
    - backgrounds suck
    - rsang: yeah holey shift!

- michaelzls: OMG fingerprints on the monitors...


## internal
- msonmez: This weekend, join the Great America Social!
    - will send link to tickets tonight!
    - a bit pricey, but would like to have as many people as possible. buy online, it's cheaper.
    - my group will likely leave by 9am Saturday from downtown berkeley bart.
    - park opens at 10.

- msonmez: we need to VOTE ON RETREAT DATES!
    - either 25th or 18th weekend. Friday-Sunday. but it's getting close!
    - eariespraud, blakeh: cal day is the 18th
    - rsang: ocf has no cal day events though
    Voting. You can vote for multiple.
    - **17th - 19: 12 votes for**
    - 24th - 26: 7 votes for
    now to figure out drivers. and airbnb.

    michaelzls: where are we going?
    rsang: not cupertino?
    msonmez: decide location over discord this week. unofficial discord vote ok?
        general acclamation
    
    rsang: if no majority, vote defaults to milpitas! lol


## decal
- jaysa: michaelzls have git lecture, I was there, michael ran it, it was good, attendance is over on the desk
    - nobody asked any particular questions
    - rsang: upload attendance after bod

- sawansri: if you need to do the training for decal next sem, do it sooner rather than later
    michaelzls and lukegon have been voluntold to do the decal

- erdaifuu: concern about limited lab space?
    - sawansri: realistically people won't show up
    - jaysa: watching decal online is good

- erdaifuu: also, using the decal laptops that we had a few semesters ago. we'd need to buy another 30.
    - sawansri: decal would be a lot more real if students had a device and installed linux on it
    - jaysa: are you able to rework the labs to incorporate that?
    - sawansri and erdaifuu: yeah
    - sawansri, jaysa: prefer same model for debugging
    - michaelzls: nvidia banned
        https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4SWxWIOVBM


## design
NA



## rebuild
Welcome to the Closed Computing Facility!
- storce: migrating desktops to windows 11

- jaysa: cosmic desktop IME support! and other common keyboard languages available
    - can be changed in the top right with fcitx5
    - libpinyin suggested by michaelzls

- jaysa: added keytabs for rest of nix hosts
    - this means that ssh to other ocf hosts should work passwordless from the desktops
    - only fwd your principal from desktops to login servers (fluttershy and rainbowdash)
    - need to look into IRC and web lol
    - blakeh: why did you hide the keyboard layout switcher itself?
        - cosmic vs fcitx5
    
- how is color printing?
    - maybe dhcp conflicts
    - either way hopefully ~ 4 days  + 4 days for new printer, 1.5 week delivery timeframe


Meeting Adjourned at 19:36
Notetaker: lukepeters

Post-board discussion follows.

- danliu's icon branch?
    - danliu: but it didn't work
    - specific cosmic icons don't get updated
    - michaelzls: sans? papyrus?

- jaysa: possibly unifi console security vuln noticed when deploying to zecora
    - michaelzls: we had a build failure because nix packages decided unifi controller was insecure. 
    - jaysa, blakeh: will investigate
    - jaysa: also had to patch cosmic-greeter beause rust. lockfile didn't match its hash

- jaysa: new minipc to replace termites. totally forgot lol

- finishing migration for fluttershy and rainbowdash
    - possible rename?
    - michaelzls: we should have a motd explaining changes to people




