Board of Directors Meeting, 18 February 2026

Attendance:
- [x] storce
- [x] rsang
- [x] jaysa
- [ ] sbwilliams

- [x] msonmez
- [x] joiew
- [x] sawansri
- [x] erdaifu

- [ ] jingwenyang
- [x] finwan
- [x] eariespraud
- [ ] knivesng
- [x] lukepeters
- [x] danliu
- [x] chamburr
- [x] michaelzls
- [x] blakeh
- [x] ncostello

Guests: ericgu, lukegon

Quorum for this meeting is 15/18

Meeting Started at 18:46

## administrivia
  - closed board session to discuss a confidential matter

  - open session begins 19:00

  - fiberglass insulation issue... SUFMO did "something"

  - people aren't getting keycards activated (2 opstaff + eric, 171B access). will check with Lauren

  - msonmez: Apr 24-26 proposed retreat
  - your driver is unable to drive...

## operations
  - eariespraud: asuc fscked up our purchase requests
  - stages all over the place

  - a general wishlist discussion about what opstaff would like:
  - font size increase
  - update wallpaper with common printing fixes
  - can print from Google Drive
  - set browser homepages to FAQs for users
  - eariespraud: applet with the day's hours?  

## rebuild
  - michaelzls: updated labmap, users no longer are shown lingering

  - tempfs to clear files on logout (rather than reboot) but has breaking changes currently
  - blakeh: how about ocfstaff users don't get cleared until reboot?
  - michaelzls: option to mount homedirs over NFS instead of SSHFS

  - jaysa: a bunch of new packages added. more suggestions?

  - rsang, blakeh: working on different languages

  - jaysa: Halloy is now on all the desktops! Any user can click it and instantly hook into OCF IRC
  - blakeh: actual practical use cases?
  - jaysa: it's fun. also can direct users to seek help without needing discord
  - (discussion about username reservations, which may mostly be of interest to ocfstaff)

  - danliu: jukebox is almost deployed!

  - michaelzls, rsang: ocf cables. people keep unplugging ocf cables. random user plugged keyboard into wall

  - jaysa: switching desktop themes. easy to experiment with.
  - storce: i like cosmic
  - jaysa: does anyone else like cosmic
  - lukegon: some games work really wel on cosmic. keybind options updates are instant!
  - blakeh: if you dis/enable your docker panel you do have to restart
  - eariespraud: non-night mode?
  - light theme WIP. the default light theme is awful
  - danliu: proof of concept theme switching implementation. works pretty well and is coming soon

## internal
  - joiew: working on tech talk with "that one guy"
  - from last semester which fell through
  - will do a full thing after working that out
  - GM topics: how to become ocfstaff

  - storce, danliu: we played minecraft (a lot of minecraft) (ocf social)
  - joiew: bedwars tournament? charity money for summer camps for kids with parents with cancer

  - msonmez: what about great america on a Saturday? It's Bartable with light rail. (idea credit: lukegon)
  - $45 for a day ticket
  - (it is suggested that people who dislike roller coasters, can hold the bags)
  - msonmez: i can also probably drive
  - eariespraud + several others: i like roller coasters
  - msonmez: will send out poll. we've never had a roller coaster social
  - (general consensus is that Saturdays are the best overall)
  
## finance
  - finwan: regular paper arrived
  - ordered colour paper
  - cacssf submitted
  - absa due march 4th, will draft this week
  
## decal
  - decal is going well mostly, it was raining which affected attendance (although joe forgot to take attendance.)

## design
  - not at this time.

Meeting Adjourned at 19:30

P.S. eariespraud has free ASUC socks!

Notetaker: lukepeters
