Board of Directors Meeting

Attendance:
storce - [x]
rsang - [x]
jaysa - [x]
sbwilliams - [x]

msonmez - [x]
joiew - [x]
sawansri - [x]
erdaifu - [x]
jingwenyang - [x]
finwan - [x]
eariespraud - [x]


Quorum for this meeting is 6

Meeting Started at 18:42

* <RT NUMBER>: <TOPIC>

Meeting Adjourned at 19:22

Notetaker: rjz

## administrivia
- [storce] Voting for Board of directors!

- keycard + afterhours
    - [storce] waiting for lauren
    - any thoughts?
    - chamburr has access now
    - michaelzls also has access now

- mailroom
    - \*Ms
    - please let rosie know if you would like mail room access
- meeting w/ Lauren
    - [storce] Waiting for response
    - will update everyone afterwards

- Tabling
    - [storce] Sign up through the link in Discord, tmr 9-1pm
    - check in at 9, latest check-in 9:25, ends at 1pm. will only know our assigned table at check-in.
    - please sign up if interested!!!
    - important for recruitment

- SWE++ reservation
	- RT#15485 will msg back to confirm
	- dates: Feb 7 to Apr 25, every Sat 9:30a to 12:00p
	- no significant changes compared to previous sems
    - voting: 
        - quorum: 10
	- 18 + 1 abstain

- big give sign up
    - campus fundraising campaign
    - due date for signing up this friday [finwan]
    - second week of march?

- GM planning
    - will talk to internal

- [lukepeters]: open house bingo - ticket in RT
    - [jaysa]: do we want to provide tote bags to the SU as event prizes
    - voting to donate 5 tote bags for the bingo:
        - 16 y, 1 STRONG n
    - lukepeters will follow up

- we should get more tote bags
- jingwenyang plz follow up on the shirts
    - something going on with the PR


## opstaff
- who is doing technical opstaff again?
	- staff hours on website
	- application form?
- RT#15461: someone applied in spring and still looking to interview..? we finished hiring right lol
- RT#15448: spring 2026 open house?
    - have already replied to everyone who filled out the hiring form
    - jaysa already responded to them
- still working on schedule
- hired 2 new OAs
- will open next Monday
- hopefully color printing works, can talk to SMs
- need to train people to use BoD notes

## rebuild
- 2 choices for DNS from Kellsie: infoblox vs delegate studentorg.be to our nameservers
- studentorg.be solely used by the ocf, but we don't have control over these subdomains so we need to contact hostmaster to set up DNS records
    - takes 2 weeks
- we should manage it ourselves, maybe automate the process
- Kellsie is on board, however she still needs to talk to management

## site
- color printer status?
    - will check after bod
- 

### voting for bod
- cabinet are automatically BoD members
- other people need to be elected as BoD members, needs to meet quorum
- even if you were on BoD previously you still need to be re-ëlected
- Quorum: 6

- sbwilliams: i'm one of the two SMs :) plz talk to me if you have questions
- rsang: prev ficomm head, now co-GM
- storce: storce, co-gm, this is my 5th sem at berkeley, second time as gm, sm last semester
- jaysa: 8th sem at ocf, co-sm, have previously done decal, ficomm, gm, internal, etc. etc. you can ask me about anything! contact@jaysa[dot]net
- msonmez: one of the internal heads, last sem as one of the mkting heads, main contribution last sem was the retreat, did tabling, helped out with logistics stuff, etc. 3rd semester?
- joiew: 4th sem at ocf, 3rd sem as internal head, you can ask me stuff, i guess, i guess i'm not even gonna say anything
- finwan: ficomm head this sem as well as previous sem, if you have funding/money/finance related questions plz ask me!
- jingwenyang: been here ???? semesters, i draw
- erdaifuu: co-decal head for a while now, been here 4 sems
- sawansri: decal head for a while now, i do decal stuff

#### voting 
- knivesng: 4th sem, 3 sems on opstaff and i'm back. ocf is cool and i want to help run the ocf in non-opstaff ways
    - unanimous
- lukepeters: decal head, gm, internal, etc. etc. advisory capacity, projects? i have 2 foxes
    - unanimous 
- rjz: i can help out with incidents and stuff
    - 1 abstain
- danliu: 2nd real semester here, hoping to contribute to some technical projects
    - [storce]: can you tell us a bit more?
    - worked on 2024 jukebox
- chamburr: 2nd semester here, i'll help out with technical stuff
    - [jaysa, sbwilliams]: helped debug death
    - [sawansri]: helped debug printing during finals week
    - [jaysa]: worked on new-new-kube
- vqbc: 4th sem, over the last semester i helped with cleaning up stuff and did PRs, i like the ocf, would like to contribute more, wasn't bod last semester but frequently attended as guest, want to come to ALL the bod meetings
    - did not reach quorum
- michaelzls: been here for a few months, hoping to help out more with technical stuff, can do nix and container stuff incl. lower level stuff, have a to-do list w/r/t infra
    - quorum reached
- blakeh - opstaff, joined bod at the end of last semester, worked on color printing and fixed printing issues incl. print jobs ending up as A5, hoping to contribute more this year
- ncostello: was one of the internal heads last semester, did some work on the decal in the past, been here 5-6 semesters, have been involved with the admin side of the ocf for a long time, want to continue to help
    - jaysa: he won the ricing competition
- [storce]: you can always request to be added afterwards
- joewang(2): lol

## decal
- calling for facilitators
- also wants graders

## marketing
- RFP, tell jingwen
- 1 sticker for calapalooza
- will talk about stickers after BoD


