Board of Directors Meeting

Attendance:
- [x] storce
- [x] rsang
- [ ] jaysa
- [x] sbwilliams

- [x] msonmez
- [ ] joiew
- [x] sawansri
- [ ] erdaifu

- [ ] jingwenyang
- [ ] finwan
- [x] eariespraud
- [x] knivesng
- [ ] lukepeters
- [x] danliu
- [ ] michaelzls
- [x] blakeh
- [ ] ncostello
- [x] ericgu

Guests: chamburr, ethanhu

Quorum for this meeting is 5/9

Meeting Started at 6:48pm

## administrivia
- SWE++ this weekend, all students will be wearing badge, no parents inside. Communicated with sufmo.
  - storce: approved this plan with andy's subordinates

- storce: HKN wants to reserve the lab, bringing prospective berkeley students for an educational event, have done this in the past
  - April 26th, conflicts with SWE++, need to email them

- Added eric to general afterhour access list. go to bestdocs to see policy on afterhours and keycard when in doubt. no more trouble with sufmo.
  - storce: added policies to bestdocs

## operations
- eariespraud: reaching out to hiring waitlist for 3 new positions for fall semester
- eariespraud: can we have some money for opstaff social? $70?
  - seems like past years was around $150
  - rsang: $150 is fine
  - bod vote to allocate $150 to opstaff social: 9 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain, PASSES
- need more little tape
- epson still having issues :sob:

## internal
- tech talk today!
  - snacks?
    - ericgu: cucumber lays pls

- msonmez: sent 2 airbnb's in #administrivia, please review
  - msonmez: airbnb's are expensive, will be a little over $100 per person
  - storce: we should discuss budget next bod
  - msonmez: need to book airbnb by beginning of next week
  - rsang: allocate budget now?
  - msonmez: after bod today I'll get headcount and calculate what we need to make it $100 per person out of pocket
  - msonmez: want the airbnb to be bartable because we don't have cars, that's why we're looking at Daly City

## finance
- rsang: finna told me to tell everyone that everything requested should be getting ordered this week
- rsang: waiting for Jaysa's gpus

## decal
- sawansri: had docker lecture with ~30 people, one of the largest attendance lectures ever, joe did good lecture

## design
- rsang: hoodies getting pr'd soon

## rebuild
- login server transition
    - makemysql script checks if on tsunami so it doesnt fix, a bunch of random stuff we are going through to fixed
    - there is an ongoing PR to fix everything with the new login servers
    - have a list of packages we need to add to the new servers
- ericgu: what happened with nginx?
    - oliver applied the changes to his puppet env, fixed the nginx redirect issues
        - everyone who didnt set up their default home address properly had their website fail
    - oliver failed, but we should merge the PR into the main branch
    - sophie: can help review them after bod
    - blakeh: want to dig into it
- sophie: went through and cleaned up project board. issues are added to the board by default now. 
    - can draft up a proper procedure for projects and issues to go through bod/board
- new print server
    - blakeh: it finally works! using a slightly newer architecture
    - blakeh: ocf post script filter has been deprecated. was initially used to address rasterized print jobs...?
        - now uses the native HP drivers and has been working fine so far
    - blakeh: epson drive needs some workarounds for now bcuz it under-charges usage as physical sheets instead of sides. but new printer is HP so we dont need to worry too much about that.
    - sophiew: stop doings sides and just pages, has already been voted on previously
    - blakeh: changes it to charge by page from now on than
    - blakeh: have to change several custom scripts. it would be really nice if we can remove all of them. only problem is that billing is using a non-v3 compatible backend
    - blakeh: no longer using cups classes. problem with classes is that PPD never gets send to the clients, so now we are running a cups server on each of the machines. the machines now fully understands the capabilities of the printers, which enables a lot of options (think double-sided printing configs, fixed issue with goodnotes, etc.)
    - blakeh: load balancing is done by the client, who retrieves queue status from the print server. 
    - blakeh: connection between client and printers should also be encrypted now! 
    - blakeh: should also be giving better error/debug messages
    - blakeh: printer server now shows OCF-bw and OCF-color. Looking into capabilities-based routing so that people can select color and jobs get routed automatically
    - blakeh: before we deploy it...
        - get kerberos ticket working for printhost web interface so opstaff can log in without re-authenticating 
    - blakeh: tried at least 5 other ways... this is the best solution so far. close to being CUPSv3 ready!


Meeting Adjourned at 7:26pm

Notetaker: blakeh


