Board of Directors Meeting

Attendance:
- [x] storce
- [ ] rsang
- [x] jaysa
- [x] sbwilliams

- [x] msonmez
- [ ] joiew
- [x] sawansri
- [x] erdaifu

- [x] jingwenyang
- [x] finwan (irl then online l8r)
- [x] eariespraud
- [x] knivesng
- [x] lukepeters (online)
- [x] danliu
- [x] chamburr
- [x] michaelzls
- [x] blakeh
- [x] ncostello (online)

Guests:
- cli
- adi
- ericgu

Quorum for this meeting is 17 out of 18

Meeting Started at 6:44PM

## administrivia

- (confidential ASUC case matters discussed)
    - guests then invited back in
- ericgu election to BOD?
    - current technical opstaff, storce vouches
    - jaysa also vouches. ty for saving me work ericgu
    - unanimous bod approval
- 2 recent keycard afterhours violations
    - strike 1 was updating general afterhours list, strike 2 was when jaysa and michaelzls had unauthorized ppl in the lab doing homework on sunday
    - strike system for each semester for OCF?
        - jaysa: how do we not have this happen
        - chamburr: strikes against them for locking doors and going against MOU on their end!
            - they do this all the time dude
        - sbwilliams: we shouldn't lose keycard as a whole, perhaps an individual could if they continue offending
        - storce: they seem to want more organization-wide accountability
        - jaysa: never argue even if you're in the right, just head out. not worth it
- nix meetup this monday, March 2nd 6:30! show up
    - nix got accepted for GSOC. will add this to nix meetup announcement
- rsang and storce will present to senate next wednesday
  
## operations

- eariespraud: NOTHING IS WRONG???
    - cosmic has been good!
    - last sem was so bad, nothing is exploding this sem
    - color printer is being kinda shitty
        - maybe a real, big color printer on buysheet?
        - since pilot has been so successful
        - dedicated printer researcher??? huge
  
## rebuild

- light and dark mode on desktops, persists
- slowloris attack from singapore VMs
- comsic
    - .config/ocf in remote that gets created when you log in and saves particular settings
    - danieliu: logout button on lock screen?
        - blakeh: **we'd need to do a patch**
            - secure attention key
        - sawansri: what about a desktop icon for logout?
        - michaelzls: gets annoyed when 3 lockscreens from staff not logging out
            - so longer timeout for staff that still applies on the lockscreen? 30 min or an hour?
            - sbwilliams: dislike that staff will leave desktop logged in at all...
        - jaysa: happy this problem exists now :') ty all for the year of the linux desktop
- wallpaper switch up, colorscheme rose pine and rose pine dawn
    - prepare urself for a little appearance shift
- blakeh: 2 compromised wordpress sites
    - one site linked to another which linked to an outside site... set up 301 redirect on both sites,
    - sites were compromised with same method most likely? had same php contact form?
    - accounts `businessreview` and `uweb`
        - storce: didnt businessreview just clean their site???
        - sbwilliams: i like restoring db and website from backup before compromise
        - storce: usually only give blog and media content
        - blakeh: so give them their data, and tell them to rebuild their site?
    - sbwilliams: sidenote, need to switch puppet env of backup host
- michaelzls: do u guys like the labmap
    - storce: big waddles is new?
- michaelzls: merge my PRs
    - jaysa: OK
        - anybody else have PRs? no? awesome

## internal

- msonmez: thinking of doing great america social april 4th...? they have weird hours and aren't open during march
    - will be on a saturday. head out together from bart in the morning and head back 2gether too <3333
    - we can just take lightrail
    - nuthin else. havent looked at retreat stuff much yet bc ppl are available late april... will begin prepping l8r
- this friday will be a social instead of nix meetup! bc nix meetup was moved to monday
    - prob some board games
  
## finance

- stickers arriving in next 7-10 days
    - keep ask at 45k?
- we need to buy some shit soon.....
- jaysa and finwan meetup to discuss some questions about ABSA, jane street invoice, etc
    - need to check on invoice stuff lol
  
## decal

- erdaifuu: lukegon has graded lab2 ty
    - lab3 submission lookin good
    - 18 ppl for lec this week. decent this time of year

## design

- wallpaper and colorscheme changes tonight 
    - see in #design
- jingwenyang: want to ask rosie about hoodies
- remove bottom 2 instructions
- jaysa: will tell rsang so she changes the psd lol

Meeting Adjourned at 7:29PM :DDDDD

with a fat fucking rickroll

the loudest in the land

Notetaker: jaysa maria garcia from jaysa.net owner of blog.jaysa.net admin of minecraft.jaysa.net


