Board of Directors Meeting 11 March 2026

Attendance:
- [x] storce
- [x] rsang
- [x] jaysa
- [x] sbwilliams

- [x] msonmez
- [x] joiew
- [x] sawansri
- [x] erdaifuu

- [ ] jingwenyang
- [x] finwan
- [x] eariespraud
- [ ] knivesng
- [x] lukepeters
- [x] danliu
- [ ] chamburr
- [x] michaelzls
- [x] blakeh
- [ ] ncostello
- [x] ericgu

Guests: lukegon, rjz

Quorum for this meeting is 15/19

Meeting Started at 18:52

## administrivia
storce: SWE++ reservation Sunday, April 26th, from 9am to 3pm
 - Tech Day, for 6th to 8th grade students to learn CS and tech
 - rsang: can they bring in parents
 - storce: need to notify MLK. they disliked that we didn't notify them about the last nix meetup
 - rsang: in general we should notify farther in advance. Then people can be let in the main entrance
 - storce: staff member present for 26th?
 - jaysa: opstaff shift?
 - eariespraud: can ask next week
 - ~~lol reservation was actually for Saturday 25th
 - eariespraud: increased hours to 3pm?
 - rsang: they didn't request special hours, they just wanted to know if parents can come.~~
 - storce: also the reservation is just for SWE, not SWE++ (which normally takes Saturdays). And so it is on SUNDAY. They emailed us to change the date.
 - rsang: only SWE++ wants parents, on **Saturday**. SWE wants the **Sunday** reservation, without parents in attendance.
 - vote punted to next week

storce: KASEM reservation Friday, March 13th, from 7pm to 10pm
 - Minecraft tournament fundraising for kids whose parents have cancer, entry fee is donation to fund
 - Number tbd, if too many we can do batches, doubt it will go over 30
 - joiew: maybe better to do it after spring break? for advertising
 - rsang: date was already set
 - storce: vote to approve reservation
    14 for, 1 abstain, motion passed

- rsang and storce: will do ASUC senate presentation this evening.
 - jaysa: notify about constitution changes?
 - rsang: do that separately
 - blakeh: btw RSOs are forced to use CalLink for constitution updates, even though the bylaws specified email. crazy.


## operations
storce: so color printer went down for a few days just bcuz someone pressed the wrong button....?

- eariespraud: everything is fine(TM)
- blakeh: except somebody hit reject jobs on the web interface. it doesn't show up in the UI until you click on it. fixed now. also, ethernet would be preferable.
- blakeh: new printer logistics after BoD
- rsang: and vote next BoD to allocate exact funds for it
  

## rebuild
storce: how is tech opstaff going?

- michaelzls: 3am escapade.
 - blakeh: we worked on new printhost/nix migration. doesn't work yet.
   the configs on the puppet repo are 5 years old
   upgrading from python 2.8(!)
   firefox print dialogue takes 12 seconds
   we tcpdumped, the works
 - michaelzls: if you're looking at wireshark at 3 am you're kooked (with a K)
 - blakeh: anyway hopefully will resolve itself

IPv4 death block
 - sbwilliams: ISO sent us a ticket with no URL in it. we didn't follow up, so death got autoblocked
 - blakeh, storce, jaysa: hopefully not businessreview, who we cleaned up a month ago
 - sbwilliams: we need to respond to site compromises, or they get autoblocked
 - it goes to officers@obe via RT. but ISO also uses RT and they sometimes bounce. should fix later
 - rsang, jaysa: yeah

- ericgu: there are fewer compromised sites now!

- rsang: brian from berke1337 emailed us, I forwarded
- michaelzls: or just talk to me lol I'm in both clubs

- jaysa: GPU purchase vote. see finance.


## internal
- msonmez: social on Friday.
- retreat airbnbs seem expensive. maybe collides with a lot of other april/may retreats. still working on a list and final date to vote on for next BoD
- storce: tech talks? emma?
  - joiew: one guy hasn't gotten back to me. will send out wider form soon.
  - also will email alumni about big give, etc.
  - storce: can I tell emma?
  - joiew: I'll coordinate with her
  

## finance
finwan: stickers arrived in California after a brief period in Montana
- and big give is tomorrow! get us more money and cash prizes!
- toner, maintenance kits will be purchased
- blakeh, rsang: paper, should be fine
- michaelzls, blakeh: dyson battery replacement, if it can be replaced at all

- jaysa: buy GPUs. Radeon RX 9070 XT. 9 units at $799 each.
  have nearly $14K in ABSA. and jane street money.
  vote
  15 for, motion passed.
  
- sbwilliams: let's not buy the same monitors. ours suck
- michaelzls: which ones? we have about 3
  4k, >= 120 Hz, colour reproduction

  michaelzls: can we get a colour monkey? probably $100
  - everyone: what's a colour monkey?
  it's a colormunki, for display calibration
  - rsang: vote later
  - rjz: we have a calibrator somewhere in the server room
  colourmunki cancelled!


## decal
- sawansri: 17 people attended lecture. still midterm season.
- storce: webservers for decal people


## design
- None


Meeting Adjourned at 19:25, whereupon rsang's computer battery, hosting the meeting, promptly died.

Notetaker: lukepeters


