Board of Directors Meeting

Attendance:
- [x] storce
- [x] rsang
- [x] jaysa
- [x] sbwilliams

- [x] msonmez
- [x] joiew
- [x] sawansri
- [x] erdaifu

- [x] jingwenyang
- [x] finwan
- [x] eariespraud
- [x] knivesng
- [x] lukepeters
- [ ] rjz
- [x] danliu
- [x] chamburr
- [x] michaelzls
- [x] blakeh
- [x] ncostello

Guests:
- ericgu

Quorum for this meeting is 18/19 (quorum met)

Meeting Started at 6:46PM

## finance

- CACCSF update
    - finna: i am drafting it now and it is due on 13th
    - two new responses required, will get done this week
    - $1 potential raise put us around 51k (?)
    - stickers is 10000!!
- Buysheet update
    - paper order has arrived
    - datavac has arrived
    - ordered supplies (toners, sharpies, etc)

## administrivia

- Reservation Request: UC Berkeley SWE, Saturday, April 25th, from 12pm to 3pm (Voting Item)
    - 17 approve, 0 abstain, 0 oppose
- Storage Room Update
    - mouse trap placed
    - :clap: for pest control people
    - they will remove dead body if found
    - keep food outside storage for now
    - not allowed/recommended to store food technically
- Retreat Check-in
    - majority want a retreat (19 said yes), so we should proceed
    - sent out google form on what dates are available
    - fill up by next bod
- Hedgedoc
    - whoever takes notes can use whatever they want
    - must be committed to git (mkdocs) eventually
    - make sure things added to mkdocs before bod gets included if you use another tool
    - will allow committing to main directly
    - talk to sophie if no access to github repo

## operations

- Weekly Report
    - still finding time for all opstaff to meet
    - paper issue happened today (ran out of paper)
    - eric new technical opstaff :tada: :tada: :tada:
    - solving many rts! great
- Firefox for printing?
    - some people said firefox works
    - use as default printing and pdf viewer?
    - blakeh: not consistently working
    - lukepeters: support this, works every time. there was one time it was printed as a5 instead of letter
    - ncostello: also had it default to a5 yesterday
- Guest account
    - eduroam not working well here, people cant create accounts
    - should not be necessity to have a phone to create an account
    - need a guest account with minimal permissions
    - sbwilliams: i'll do this with a group account
    - jaysa: if someone wants to work on desktop stuff but is not root, talk to jaysa/sophie
  
## rebuild

- CD PC
    - should have packages and permissions to burn cd now, need further testing
- Wordpress
    - more compromises (someone's got repeatedly compromised)
    - set up automatic tool to scan for vulnerabilities? we can do this if we find a tool
- DDoS
    - taking down services, won't go into depth now. third party provider to deal with ddos?
- Update quota message at bottom of desktops
    - it is already updated, now says x in color per semester
    - 10 per semester good limit? we will stick with this for now until we get a better color printer
- Website
    - jaysa: i want to make changes to ocfweb, reached milestone
    - integration between mkdocs and current website (pr #881 on mkdocs)
    - ocfweb is easier to run locally now, anyone can work on the website (will document inside readme)
    - website and documentation separate? good because if ocfweb goes down we can still look at docs to fix it lol
    - will push tonight, let jaysa know if there are any problems
    - make django website nicer in the long term
    - live demo
- Grafana
    - not working for printers, can we bring this back?
    - has everything like status and paper, good to have

## internal

- Socials this week?
    - no social this week due to nix meetup
    - but you should come to that. cool adults with cool j\*bs
    - unemployed vibes because they use nix
- Outdoor social
    - outdoor social every month?
    - i dont care about objections, we'll laugh at you if you dont come
    - good ideas -> talk to mina
- Retreat
    - if you can drive let mina know by next bod
    - zipcar is an option but it is expensive
    - joiew: i can drive but i dont have a license :)
- Techtalk!
    - pretty good last semester, really good actually
- New staff
    - is tabling fake? everyone that came to gm were not from tabling
    - it's just to force people to go outside
    - go talk to new people and dont be anti social pls
  
## decal

- Lab 1
    - finished sending out emails, going good
    - jaysa did the first lecture
    - future lecturers host on your own website for seo
    - luke is giving bash scripting lecture next week
- Decal laptops
    - bring back decal laptops? vm cursed
    - buy more if we dont have enough, we need to spend our $$$$$

## design

- Sticker
    - popularity poll on stickers, please fill up
- Hoodie update
    - sent follow up email, waiting
- Tote bag update
    - discussing vendor, design will probably stay the same
    - will get sample done soon

## one more thing

- Banning policy
    - proposing an amendment (see pr #41 on mkdocs)
    - previously bans can be brought up to bod meeting and require 2/3 vote to ban
    - but for instances of harrassment, we cant ban immediately, need to wait until wednesday to ban
    - the new policy is that with majority among \*ms, a temporary ban can be done
    - the ban must be brought up at the next bod and requires 2/3 vote
    - should not be abusable, only used for special circumstances
    - need to be immediately made known to all bod members when done, details do not have to be shared
    - the person being banned must not be at the bod meeting when their ban is being discussed
    - they can appeal at the following bod meeting? or the same meeting?
    - allow them to submit a digital document to be read out by gm, even though they may not know why they are banned
    - in general, \*ms should let them know why they are banned before the deliberation
    - appeal should still stay
    - this temporary ban thing has been done for a long time, just formalizing it now
    - voting for bylaws, 16 approve, 1 abstain, 0 oppose

Meeting Adjourned at 7:45PM

Notetaker: chamburr
