Board of Directors Meeting 15 April 2026

Attendance:
- [x] storce
- [x] rsang
- [x] jaysa
- [x] sbwilliams

- [x] msonmez
- [x] joiew
- [x] sawansri
- [x] erdaifuu

- [ ] jingwenyang
- [x] finwan
- [ ] eariespraud
- [x] knivesng
- [x] lukepeters
- [x] danliu
- [x] michaelzls
- [x] blakeh
- [x] ncostello
- [x] ericgu

Guests:
- Dev
- chamburr
- ethanhu

Quorum for this meeting is 16/18

Meeting Started at 18:47

## administrivia
- sawansri: Dev from ATDP is here today!!!  
- dev: Hi I'm Samuel but go by dev. (not short for developer). I teach ATDP and we have partnered with OCF for many years, using the lab for summer classes.
    - there are three weeks left in the semester...
    - currently working with sawansri to get things sorted!
    - larger class this year. Looking to recruit part-time for teaching assistance.
        - experience with backends, sql
        - June through July 31st
    - (several people seem interested :)
    - More broadly would be happy to help OCF and OCFers interested in teaching CS!

- storce: on the 25th we have SWE++. on the 26th we have parents day for SWE(--) as previously approved. We need someone on Sunday the 26th to staff the lab 9-3pm
    - rsang, blakeh: forgot to discuss during opstaff meeting
        - BOD VOTE: ~$1100-$1500 in misc fund use to subsidize, cover food and gas

- msonmez: would like to request $1K of MISC funds. Half for food, the other half to help with the retreat airbnb.
    - originally about $80 before subsidy. we have more people now to split the cost.
    - storce, msonmez: This is a vote on a $800 allocation with $500 for food, $300 for subsidy.
        - Unanimously passed.
    - msonmez: please fill out the google form, etc.

## operations
- blakeh: everyone's tax documents are printing incorrectly, with extraneous characters.
    - buffer overflow in HP driver due to filename.
    - only for hpps (HP-specific postscript codes) so I don't really care
    - seemed like less of an issue so wasn't urgent
- blakeh: the existence of the epson apparently causes problems
    - we will just ignore it until we install the new printer
    - everything else seems to be good!
    - some people ran out of quota.
  
## internal
- joiew: this saturday is also cal day. I'm thinking of going for a few hours of tabling in the morning
    - rsang: are you going to teleport from retreat?
    - everyone will be asleep
    - storce: let us know if you do, we can probably get other people on board
    - joiew: will give out some of our ten thousand stickers
  
## finance
- finwan: minipc arrived
    - colour printer did not arrive today. TBD.
    - pr'ed more paper and staplers
    - with all pending expenses, should have $50.00 left in ABSA!
- we failed to appeal ABSA.
    - rsang: we can apply for funding as needed from them
    - sbwilliams: don't want to set a precedent though of our budget being low
        - we should talk with senate
    - rsang, lukepeters: have been thinking about speaking with senate (or absa) about this. planning to speak with lauren to find a time
- jaysa, finwan: will have better estimates with our upcoming/current equipment purchases
- argue we need funding for HPC, etc. jaysa, michaelzls, sbwilliams are working on this list tonight
- summer upgrades would logistically have to use MISC funds. we can cite this as well.
- sawansri: also tell them one of our GPUs died.
  
## decal
- sawansri: we had our last decal lecture with 34 in attendance!
    - rsang: are we able to get facilitators for next semester by next board meeting?
    - sawansri: likely not, there's a lot of paperwork. but people should ideally get this done ASAP
    - jaysa: thanks storce for taking over the nix lecture
- erdaifuu: the laptops we got last time are currently out of stock until the fall.
    - sawansri: looking for options through campus (surplus)

## design
NA

## rebuild
- jaysa: finishing up login issues on koi and carp (everyting on the issue board)
    - still can't SSH in. 
    - sbwilliams: access.conf on puppet machines restricted non-staff from everything but tsunami
    - jaysa: using ssh access groups for this
    - autodeploy has also been broken, perhaps due to this
        - blakeh: it stalls forever
    - jaysa: ocf nix-deploy is getting OOM killed
    - jaysa: also DDoS has been stopped. except that they were stacked PRs, which is awful.
- jaysa: michaelzls is working on ~~zls~~ nfs
    - blakeh: can we make other services wait for yours to start?
    - yes it's a PAModule
- blakeh: I dislike the brightness being changed on the monitors. I have set the default to 85%. A service is called that resets it on every logout via i2c.
    - gave i2c perms to ocf group. copied udev config from one of our random repos but it works.
    - dual monitor not tested
    - rsang: GPU for tabitha after anglerfish (new ocf-tv)
    - blakeh: anglerfish is done! (the new meerkat minipc)
        - dns, remmina config updated and will PR after verifying it works
- michaelzls: I would like to assign people things on the project board.

- discussion about moving death to earl warren campus datacenter
    - michaelzls: high bandwidth users like webhosting should be moved
    - sbwilliams: support moving some servers to warren, but the most critical things should be kept in ocf lab.

- does oopho7bo need EAP-TLS?
    - sbwilliams: it works fine now

- colmena build-vm testing

- michaelzls: these assignments aren't urgent. but would be nice in the next 6 months. pick what you want...

Meeting Adjourned at 19:42

Notetaker: lukepeters

Post-board rebuild discussion:

- blakeh: oliverni's sddm repo should be converted to nix module

