# 1 | 09/03/2025

Directors in Attendance

- lukepeters
- fengyihuang
- elenore
- storce
- sbwilliams

- joie
- ncostello

- finna
- rsang

- carl
- lic
- sawansri

- jingwen
- msonmez

- rjz
- jaysa
- toke

Former Directors:

Guests in Attendance:

- kinn
- toke
- finn
- veil

Notetaker: Jaysa

# Agenda

* Former Director Inauguration
  * As voted on in our last BoD, the current directors shall consist of the current GMs, SMs, and committee heads, known as the cabinet.
  * Former directors may be reinstated with a vote.
* Committee updates/plans


BoD Started: 6:52PM


Updates:


General Updates:

* General Managers: fengyihuang and lukepeters

- lukepeters
    - worked on building access stuff this summer. SUFMO was kicking us out a
      lot and we haven't had a consistent doc to point to for policy when this
      happens...
    - emergency access for 8 people, unlimited general access
        - lab door access = MLK OCF
        - lab door + side door (implies 24/7) access = MLK OCF unlimited
    - TODO: amend keycard policy to reference new emergency access list AND
      requirements for being added
    - chartered program summit last week happened. went over CalLink stuff,
        - we should use news/events feature on CalLink to help with promotion
        - internal heads & staff helping with promotion need access to events feature
        - sbwilliams: keeping gcal and insta updated would be ideal


Site Updates:

* Site Managers: sbwilliams and storce

- sbwilliams: deprecated oldkube, only newkube
    - puppet next. proxmox real
- storce: deprecating jenkins (in progress), almost on github actions

- deprecated outline, long live mkdocs
    - making PRs to BoD notes after the fact. from now on we will use mkdocs for docs and BoD.
    - expecting OCF members to understand markdown and how to make a PR is reasonable
    - sbwilliams: kube backups aren't working and outline version history is... dubious. git is better.

- sbwilliams: color printing technically real and possible from desktops!
    - rosie must order long cables for fire hazard reasons
    - if establishing color printing, need to think about quota + impacts.
      printing in color is more expensive
    - pilot program to see if opstaff run into problems
        - then make changes, or roll it back!
    - sbwilliams opinion: uses normal quota, AND a more restrictive color quota
      (i.e. 10 pages)
    - feng: for reference, color printing is 8-9x more expensive in the
      libraries
    - rjz: when we roll it out, we should have a separate quota instead.
    - sbwilliams: separate quotas would reduce confusion.
    - lic: if ppl use up regular paper quota and have say, 4 extra pages,
      wouldn't they do the extra 4 at the color printer? isn't this wasteful?
    - jingwen: 4 pages wouldn't be useful for most people... need to think
      about quotas carefully so they're actually enough to be useful.
    - ncostello: ignore daily quota, just have an overall semester limit only
      for color.
    - elenore: clubs usually mass print posters in color... so large semester
      limit for these one-time events would make more sense.
        - also, these posters are very ink heavy... concern about consumption
            - rjz and rsang: not too worried about toner, just inconvenience
              for opstaff of maintenance
    - elenore: ppl struggle already with basic quota!! we need to think hard
      about streamlining this process for the public
        - sbwilliams: it'll just be an extra option, like single or double
          within the menu.
        - sbwilliams: *color should be single only*. name it color-single.
    - ncostello: being careful w/ that quota bc it'll be hard to predict demand
      during this pilot program
    - rsang and ncostello: thinking between 10 and 20 per person, per semester
    - rsang: as program goes on, we will work out more and more kinks, and
      likely increase pages later on.
    - sbwilliams: we should start at 10 and vote so SM discretion can be
      applied to page count / if printers are in rotation at all.
    - feng: also, timeline?
        - sbwilliams
            1. we need cables (rsang will submit PR soon).
            2. changes to ocflib for new quota
            3. changes to paper utils and enforcer to manage the quota
            4. update prometheus, stats page, and printlist!
    - feng: are we going to advertise it or keep on the DL
        - rsang: DL please. no discord announcement, just word of mouth for
          now.
        - sbwililams: especially since there may be problems, we don't want
          people to expect it to work lol. its no secret, but dont promote
        - ncostello: agrees
        - rsang: 1 link on discord, that is it.
        - lic: interest in helping with changes 2-4 (technical stuff)
            - sbwilliams: will communicate with u :D yay help!!
        - sbwilliams: emphasis that the details of the program, during the
          pilot period, are completely under SM discretion.
    - *BOD VOTE*: UNANIMOUS YES ON COLOR PRINTING PROGRAM

- jingwen: t-shirt proposal (see discord!)
    - TODO readd #design channel
    - also, chibi waddles exists now. we can stick to old logo tho
    - joiew: make text bigger...?
    - ok, since people are into it, will continue working on getting these
      made!!
    - kinn: is there a person tryna crawl out...?
        - jingwen: uh no... lol
    - kinn: is reference photo in public domain?
        - jingwen: um. the divine comedy photo i used is so old that it def is

- sbwilliams: motion to add kinn as a director this semester
    - he has worked on labmap2 which was recently deployed on the TV!
        - more things and hours will come later
        - big contribution, replaced old broken infra
    - feng: agrees
    - lukepeters: thumbs up
    - KINN WILL SOLVE SECURITY. SECURITY IS SOLVED!!!!!!!!!!! you dont have to
      take 161. no one else needs to. uninstall malwarebytes we're good guys
    - feng: should kinn leave during delibs?
        - fuck. reinstall McAfee
    - *BOD VOTE*: UNANIMOUS YES

Operations Updates:

- eleonore: transition to discord, no more slack for opstaff.
    - private channel for opstaff (on discord only) alongside public channel
      would be ideal
- sbwilliams: overall want to limit private channels (FOSS philosophy reasons),
  but this is a very good exception for making one
- *WE ARE DEPRECATING SLACK*
    - mostly for PITA bridge on nix reasons, ask sbwilliams and jaysa for
      details
    - if anyone cares enough, let SMs know and you can do it...
    
Internal Updates:

* Internal Heads: joiew and ncostello

- ncostello: no updates


Finance Updates:

* Finance Heads: finwan and rsang

- rsang: CACSSF isn't real!!!! all funding isn't getting disbursed until late October
  - just go into negatives on the account until that gets fixed in October

DeCal Updates:

* DeCal Heads: erdaifuu, lic, and sawansri

- sawansri: first infosession yesterday, 27 responses to form. another one
  tomorrow maybe should advertise more
    - set up gradescope and Ed, need VMs for all students
- sawansri: what to do with experimental track...
    - erdaifuu: last year, laksith carried whole track. we dont have the
      manpower this year, unrealistic to do it this semester.
        - hands-on laptop experience is valuable though!
        - can have experimental as more of a subset of regular decal
            - holding on different days could be an extra commitment. but 2
              different lab sessions in 1 period (both general and
              experimental) could be confusing
- jaysa: TODO upload archives to hugo-decal-web

Design Updates:

* Design Heads: jingwenyang and msonmez

- jingwen: LOOKING FOR OPINIONS ON DESIGN ON OCF CHAT (DISCORD)

BoD Concluded: 7:32PM
