# 1 | DATE

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] lukepeters
- [x] fengyihuang
- [x] eariespraud
- [x] storce
- [x] sbwilliams

- [x] joiew
- [x] ncostello

- [x] finwan
- [x] rsang

- [x] erdaifuu
- [x] lic
- [x] sawansri

- [ ] jingwenyang
- [x] msonmez

- [x] rjz
- [x] jaysa
- [x] toke
- [x] kinn

Quorum Met (y/n): y
Total Attendance: 17/18


Guests in Attendance:
- veil
- adi
- lydiaywang
- vqbc
- michaelzls

Notetaker: jaysa


# Agenda

BoD Started: 6:42PM


Voting Items:
storce: HKN Junior EECS day, 12:30 - 3pm this saturday (Nov 15th)
    - Sorry I brought it up before but forgot to make a vote on this. It is a bit late.
    - rsang: keep it open 3-6PM since opstaff shifts are already scheduled.
        - will let isabelle know
        - eariespraud: OK!
        - BOD VOTE: letting hkn reserve lab this sat, 12:30-3PM
            - MOTION PASSES: 15 approve, 1 abstain, 0 oppose. 

storce & msonmez:
    - Misc fund allocation for retreat
        - Airbnb price is $1929, +$100 per person over 16, so final cost might vary. I currently have 23 people who have confirmed their attendance verbally.
            - hard to figure out exact misc allocation bc of cancellations, etc.
        - Proposal: 
            - Keep retreat price $72 per person
            - A VARIABLE misc fund allocation between $673 and $973, considering potential surcharge and people quiting retreat last minute.
            - All food & gas reimbursed through the OCF, expect the total amount to be between $400 and $600 (food was $350 last retreat, though we had a lot of leftovers; gas uncertain) 
        - ncostello: what if we end up over $1500? thats a bit steep.
        - fengyihuang: ocf milk. we spent generously on milk last time
        - ncostello: how much was gas, also?
        - storce: dunno tbh. but Montara is pretty close by. gas shouldnt be anything crazy.
        - storce: drivers are kinn, ronitnath, and 3 others.
            - lukepeters: ASUC funds on gas?
                - everybody: we cant, we'll use misc.
            - chatter about gas mileage ASUC formula
        - storce: reimbursement for all retreat funds will be done at the end
            - this was done by ronitnath last sem
                - ronitnath: everyone who purchased food (me and oliver) just submitted PRs.
        - sbwilliams: calculating gas.... 70 cents per mile... 33 miles... $23 x 5 ... x 2 both ways = ~$231.
            - fenyihuang: erring on higher side for food and gas!
                - we can raise price on people to reduce misc fund strain
        - sbwilliams: potential upper limit?
            - storce: $1600 including food, gas
            - sbwilliams: can we cap at $1500?
        - fenyihuang: for the sake of bod voting, we should do a range.
            - $1100-$1500
        - jaysa: we're frugal bc bulk of misc is jane street money, would prefer to keep it as a lab supplies/hardware buffer. and spent the majority of it on those things rather than staff benefit.
            - sbwilliams: $1500 is kind of a lot
        - ncostello: if we keep the bar so high we may run into misc fund issues
        - BOD VOTE: ~$1100-$1500 in misc fund use to subsidize, cover food and gas
            - MOTION PASSED: 15 votes for, 2 abstain, 0 against 

Updates:


General Updates:

* General Managers: fengyihuang and lukepeters

- GMs presenting to senate today at 8:30PM!! pog
    - we get 5 beautiful minutes with a beautiful slideshow to show off our banger services
    - webhosting, printing, hpc
    - slide that shows what WE NEED from ASUC (ABSA, CACSSF)
    - sbwilliams: one talking point in site updates we could add? see SM updates

- sem is closing to an end, can start thinking about elections for next semester
    - sbwilliams: ranked choice algorithm atm is fine.
        - we must present constitutional amendments in bod early
    - fenyihuang: nominations open soon
    - ncostello: suggestion... can we have someone write up a script to do voting algorithm for us
        - everyone: yea this exists i think

- fenyihuang: dont be sheep fools. have opinions and make points. be agentic. speak out and vote against things you disagree with. on that note...

- ncostello: i have officially objected to the FA25 retreat. I am of the opinion that we should defer it to Spring and double that budget. since we've decided to go thru anyway, i want to outline my reasons for this stance and bring up a 2nd topic with that.
    - change of location throws away much of hard work done on logistics. i fear that its been several months since full committee did retreat planning. if we reduce several things less than 2 weeks away, concerned we can do it in a manner that will truly reflect the work we put in as an org.
    - with both retreat dates, new and old, a number of people are unable to make it. i talked with sbwilliams on fri and she mentioned it would be good to have it booked way ahead of time in the future.
    - **main point**: conduct surrounding date change. conduct responding to inquiries about the change have been poor. me and other ppl have seen deflection about reasoning and manner about decision-making. in some sense, we did discuss this in bod, but during that meeting it was done informally rather than a full-on proper vote. was just a statement of change with opening towards objections. inappropriate for magnitutude of  the change.
        - not in best interest of the group
        - as directors of the ocf,
            - we should work to have decisions which do work towards the general interest of the group at large
            - are transparent about why such decisions were made
    - adi: not objecting to retreat itself. effort has started relatively recently rather than over past several months, but not the point. evident that the retreat date was modified in a manner inconsistent w/ board's original decision.dates originally presented did not include date ultimately chosen. the final date weren't from previously approved options or best date for everybody. no disc between oct 1st and nov 22nd.
        - a change of this magnitude shouldve had a revoter
        - the process failed accountability and what this organization stands for
        - organizers were either unaware of date change or were DECEITFUL!!! (and evil)
        - questions about date change were met with either lack of response or deflection
        - didnt act in best interest of the board and its members
        - transparency and accountability will prevent us repeating the same mistake
        - not about assigning personal blame. about collective values of the directors and BOD.
    - fengyihuang: will let this bod go on extra long. good to figure this stuff out.
        - with retreat and other things, sometimes people join these groups out of self-interest... that is not OK. moving forward i hope that any future directors part of any planning committee will not do things for personal gain but for the good of the BOD
            - decision of collective group of directors is what stands. we'll be moving forward with retreat but valuable lessons have been learned
    - ncostello: personally i dont believe that anyone joined in on retreat planning out of self-interest but i can see how ppl would find this true. ive made strong statements on the matter, so. i think its part of a broader pattern of conduct at the ocf beyond this sem and thru years past, even. we should set a good path for ocf moving forward.
    - sbwilliams: i disagree that ppl join committees out of self-interest. this whole conversation ignores the major fact that things in ocf only happen bc people make them happen with a lot of time and energy. so yeah, they have a bigger stake. mistakes and miscommunication happen but this response was really heavy and may discourage people who volunteer to make these things happen.
        - sometimes the reaction that bod members give to people putting in a lot of time and effort can be disheartening.
        - it doesnt matter if people have self-interest, so long as they're Making Things Happen. important to preserve this part of OCF.
    - eariespraud: wait guys what are we talking about?
        - ncostello: some ppl have a lot of sway in the ocf. when we ask for a matter to be done there are greater political implications to things we request.... reality of a large organization who does a lot of things.
            - important that even seemingly insignificant decisions will have larger political reflections
            - mishandling of the manner of this political sway
            - remind all of us that we all have our sway and important to recognize how that can be taken.
    - storce: lets be clear here. what happened was:
        - retreat date was changed. got moved from this weekend to next weekend
        - we totally should have done a vote
        - turns out 5-7 people couldnt make retreat on the new date and i told people that bc we brought this up in bod and its in the bod note, its been decided.
            - didnt realize it was gonna be such a large issue. by the time we did, it was too late.
        - hope in the future people will speak up for themselves at bod
        - but its not some larger issue with politics or abuse of power. just a genuine miscommunication
    - sbwilliams: from my perspective, it looked like people were stressed out organizing the retreat and made some poor logistical choices. greater talk of sway and political patterns is a misunderstanding of the ocf and how it functions. 
        - things dont have to be political. we do linux and print and provide services to campus.
        - people dont have political power in the ocf... as a main contributor myself, if you wanna do things, they happen. so it looks like people have a lot of power, but it's really just the 1 person spearheading something making a lot of small decisions.
        - its difficult to bring everything before bod
        - when things mentioned at bod, make your concerns known. it can be hard to capture what needs to be a larger discussion if no one makes their reservations known.
            - bod is the time to discuss these things!!!

    - adi: bod is the time to discuss these things, but some people aren't part of bod like newstaff that wanna come.
        - jaysa: so why didnt you help and make these things happen?
    - vqbc: people are being very accusatory and its important to assume good faith. people can be hasty and make mistakes bc of business and stress.
        - lets try not to overpoliticize things
        - changes like this should have more time to be discussed
        - but we should focus on how we handle things like this and not some larger conspiracy or mismanagement
        - bod is the best way to make decisions happen

- fenyihuang: i appreciate hard work thats been put into retreat
    - ncostello: me too! not trying to downplay work but bring up other concerns
        - not fault of people doing logistics.
- msonmez: when i was making change i did have some individuals tell me they couldnt come.
    - several of these were DRIVERS. thought 3 people couldnt make it, so made the change. not out of malice.
    - when i later saw 5-7 ppl couldnt come, i was upset. oversight on my part, but by the time they told me it was too late.
    - after the change 2 bod meetings had passed, many members knew about the change, nobody mentioned to me that this needed to be a voting item.
    - if someone had just told me this needed to be an official voting item, i wouldve. wasnt meant to be deceitful guys, just thought the new date worked better.
    - its my first sem contributing to the ocf but i take full accountability.

- lukepeters: valuable that we had this convo, can use it to be better in the future.
    - there is a lot we can think about in the future
    - want to thank joe and mina and everyone else whos put in work to planning this retreat
    - we can always do better. hindsight is 20/20, not productive to do a shit ton of retrospection.
    - we cant discuss every possible decision in bod. would be great, but thats why we have committees. bod would go on forever.
        - i have several ideas on how to work committees a lil better
        - jaysa: abolishing committees is also a notion that exists. theyve only existed since covid.
    - i havent seen any evidence of bad faith but things couldve been handled better
    - im here to listen 2 u all and i know its difficult to object to stuff in bod
    - you are always welcome to talk to the GMs about anything you have opinions on
        - we will try to help lol
- sbwilliams: request that we move on shortly
    - fenyihuang: yeah lets gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo (closed)

Site Updates:

* Site Managers: sbwilliams and storce

- ONTO MORE OCF-REFLECTIVE TOPICS
- sbwilliams: color printing backend (ocflib + enforcer primarily) implemented, tentative rollout
    - modified mysql schema and ocflib to handle color printing quota
    - paper tool updated too
    - color printing display on desktops show quota remaining
    - not fully rolled out: class is still admin-only
        - want to double-check w/ opstaff
    - cups config needs to be double checked, printers added to prometheus
    - usable atm
    - reminder that you can in fact just do things dude
    - ฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅฅ ^ ≧∇≦^  ฅ
    - "do you guys have color printing?" "**YES!!!!!!**"


Operations Updates:

* Operations Manager: eariespraud

- papercut is alive, logjam having issues with toner even with new toner
- jazz in the lab sometime in next few weeks
- starting hiring for next semester!!!
    - shoutout storce
    - 2 to start in jan, 3 new members will start in sep
        - losing knives and isabelle in fall, then seniors in spring
    - got 8 apps in first 30 minutes
    - will also put up posters
    - will update hours for MLK closure
   
Internal Updates:

- thompson tech talk this fri, 8pm
    - joiew will buy snax
- banquet announcement soon and form about availability
    - will decide allocation next bod

- paper shipment: prof widow agreed to meet up, drive to bancroft if we bring dolly for paper

* Internal Heads: joiew and ncostello
storce & msonmez:
    - Thank you Joie & Fina for helping!!
    - Docs keep track of all major decisions and progress: ocf.io/retreat
        - doesnt work rn lol puppet moment
    - Joe has fronted the cost of $1929 and therefore will start bugging people to pay starting after this bod.
    - Will send out driver & activities & food form soon.


Finance Updates:

* Finance Heads: finwan and rsang

- rsang: nuthin much :D
- erdaifuu: we got jane street money tho

DeCal Updates:

* DeCal Heads: erdaifuu, lic, and sawansri

- sawansri: got our signed proposal back from CS chair. will submit to academic senate next
    - now we just wait
    - decal studentorg needs to put it on their website
        - will email them prob just forgor

Design Updates:

* Design Heads: jingwenyang and msonmez

- jingwenyang absent
- msonmez: not much besides retreat stuff

BoD Concluded: 
