# 6 | 2025-10-08

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] lukepeters
- [x] fengyihuang
- [x] eariespraud
- [x] storce
- [ ] sbwilliams

- [x] joiew
- [x] ncostello

- [x] finwan
- [x] rsang

- [x] erdaifuu
- [ ] lic
- [x] sawansri

- [x] jingwenyang
- [x] msonmez

- [x] rjz
- [x] jaysa
- [x] toke
- [x] kinn

Quorum Met (y/n): ~~NO!!!!!!!!! Good luck on midterms.~~
Yes <:)
Total Attendance: ~~11/18~~ 16/18


Guests in Attendance:
- dev, vqbc

Notetaker: lukepeters


# Agenda

BoD Started: 18:43




Updates:


General Updates:

* General Managers: fengyihuang and lukepeters
fengyihuang: luke and I met with B&G 
    they didn't ask for any major MOU edits
    they asked to regain access to their side of the storage space?
    dunno what that means exactly, there used to be another door?
    we can't realistically unbrick that wall
rjz: walks in. Quorum met!
storce: keycard update?
fengyihuang: we didn't lean towards revoking keycard access. B&G offically is allocated the space along with OCF (171A)
    would be kind of unreasonable to ask them to revoke their access
    there are not any good storage options nearby
    Lauren mentioned there may be 3rd floor ESH lockers that could be applied to in next ABSA (either B&G or OCF)
storce: easy place to read MOU?
lukepeters: in officers shared drive
storce: everyone should review the MOU
fengyihuang: brought up a potential B&G-OCF joint social
    to build trust/rebuild relationship between the groups
ncostello: think that's fine
    eariespraud: doesn't really feel like there's a rift
fengyihuang and lukepeters: it's mostly past stuff
eariespraud: mostly just seems kind of random
storce: maybe like on a friday? / saturday
fengyihuang: yeah probably we just have to flesh it out
jaysa and joiew: walk in. Quorum++!
storce: unsure how popular it'll be
People are generally unsure how popular a hypothetical social between OCF and B&G will be.
jingwenyang: joins the call.

Update from dev
dev: hello, most people I've probably already met...
dev is my nickname, not short for developer
We do summer programming here in the OCF but just wanted to do general introductions
and give sawan this thank you card!

storce: offers to be honorary sawan for this BoD. **Accepts card**

dev: there was an issue with keycard earlier this summer. still have keycard access.
if I can be a resource in any way, you can call me (I live in berkeley)

I teach during the summer so if you're interested in (CS or other) teaching, reach out!

The Board takes a moment of appreciation for dev.

Voting Items:

Quorum now met.

storce: hkn did junior eecs day
jaysa: sophie also did adtp(?) before
storce: they also want to do eecs day Nov 15, 11am-4pm
fengyihuang: SWE++ goes till noon
storce: can talk about delaying time...

vote punted.

fengyihuang: we had our lab reservation policy. I drafted up two proposed changes
ncostello: we should make sure this is consistent with the fact that we're allowing SWE++ recurring access

Various edits are made to the proposal by the Board.

jaysa: SWE++ also doesn't go on forever

sawansri: decal is 7-9, next semester may do experimental track
feng: updates to information don't require an entire policy vote

KILL THE FORM! (just have people email their reservation requests to help)

the notetaker notes that rosie has entered the lab. We almost have a full board!

Voting on the two amendments:

To reserve the OCF lab, all student groups must have a signatory of their organization apply for the lab space by emailing us at help@ocf.berkeley.edu two weeks in advance. Last-minute reservations may be submitted, but might not be honored. The request must then be approved by the OCF Board of Directors. Should the request be approved, the student organization will be allowed to to use the lab at the allotted time pursuant to the following conditions:

All OCF computers run on Linux, so operating system specific applications such as Microsoft Word will not be available. However, browser-based tools, such as Google Docs, will work. If software you need is available on Linux, it may be installed at the discretion of an OCF Site Manager.
The OCF hosts a DeCal; in Fall 2025 the DeCal is from 7 to 9 pm on Tuesdays, and as such we will be unable to allow lab reservations that conflict with or extend into that timeframe. 
The OCF holds its Board of Directors Meetings on Wednesdays from 6:30 pm onwards, and as such we will be unable to allow lab reservations that conflict with that time frame.
We do not control access to the MLK Student Union; please make sure you are able to independently enter the building during your reservation time as we will not be able to let you enter the building. MLK is not open 24/7 and closes for certain holidays.
In general, requests to reserve the lab for recurring meetings (e.g. Weekly, biweekly meetings) will most likely not be honored. Final decision is up to the discretion of the OCF Board of Directors.

fengyihuang: somehow got 14 yes, 0 abstain, 0 noes. 2 votes missing... whatever it passes

rjz: nvidia declined warranty on broken GPU. I propose $1k to have it repaired by third-party
if we want to actually repair it, it's two generations behind today.

storce: similar/alternative models?

rjz: nvidia has also tightened its academic grant to fund only AI-based proposals (or one other category)

jaysa: we could maybe make a case

let's punt.

some more general updates lie ahead.

joiew: reach out to daily cal for some kind of advertising agreements?
general concurrence

fengyihuang: luke and I met with Lauren today. Looking ahead to this semester's ASUC presentation

Site Updates:

* Site Managers: sbwilliams and storce

storce: SMs met with ASUC CTO office. they have very little knowledge of OCF services (thought we only did static hosting!)
    they have a bunch of websites currently in the works, want to host them with us
    yeah they're happy we reached out and that we provide these resources
    will maintain connection with them!
    Also in general just ask me or sophie if any questions about technical aspects

storce: starting migration of tsunami to nixos. sophie working on that, hopeful ETA by end of semester without downtime.

jaysa: my ricing repo exists on github
    still working on automatic plugin loading on desktops, requries more debugging
    close to writing docs
    talk to me about beta testing... or wait until I write docs
    eventual migration from KDE to hyprland

storce: RICING IS GREAT

jaysa: at first I thought sway was good but then I SACKED that idea! **go hyprland**
    thoughts comments ideas?

ncostello: want to make sure documentation is complete for users
    maybe have a UI with preset basic options

(jaysa: will eventually get to bestdocs stuff)(retroactive comment)


Operations Updates:

* Operations Manager: eariespraud

eariespraud: not a lot of updates
will be down 2 staff in the spring, think about internal or other options...
send me a message if you're interested...
   

Internal Updates:

* Internal Heads: joiew and ncostello

joiew: one person interested in tech talks
tentative talk next wednesday?


Finance Updates:

* Finance Heads: finwan and rsang
rsang: sticker order placed! 5 designs, 50 of each!
CHAIR CLEANING IS REAL!!!!!!*

*possibly. will update bod when I get a reply from sufmo

if you need anything, go to ocf.io/buy thanks.


DeCal Updates:

* DeCal Heads: erdaifuu, lic, and sawansri

sawansri: decal going well, stable attendance around 15 people
it's midterm week too
will send out a reminder announcement that attendance is mandatory

erdaifuu: actually no updates about jane street invoice
    but lab submissions (this notetaker lost track of what exactly was said about lab submissions. they were probably good.)(retroactive comment)

jaysa: but I forwarded an email from jane street confirming the invoice. check officers@
    Cool they received it


Design Updates:

* Design Heads: jingwenyang and msonmez

jingwenyang: will see about animation
    everyone: tell us about animation‽
    A YouTube video of waddling penguins is shown.
    
fengyihuang: aditya has an announcement
adi: Anduril recruitment?

hmm they're a defense company

BoD is lukewarm about being seen as endorsing them

Decides not to host them.

BoD Concluded: 19:37