# 7 | 10/15/2025

Directors in Attendance:

- [x] lukepeters
- [x] fengyihuang
- [ ] eariespraud
- [x] storce
- [x] sbwilliams

- [x] joie
- [x] ncostello

- [x] finwan
- [x] rsang

- [x] erdaifuu
- [x] lic
- [x] sawansri

- [x] jingwenyang
- [x] msonmez

- [x] rjz
- [x] jaysa
- [x] toke
- [x] kinn

Quorum Met (y/n): y 
Total Attendance: 17/18


Guests in Attendance:
lydiaywang
veil

Notetaker: 
storce

# Agenda

BoD Started:
6:46 PM


Voting Items:
- sbwilliams & jaysa: Change from 'sides' to 'pages' (i.e. double sided pages) for quota, and increase quota by +10 pages (to 30 double sided pages).
- sbwilliams: toner cost is negligible compared to paper cost. We have sufficient fund for this increase. Use as leverage for better funding if needed. 
- luke: implicitly increase the number of sides per semester.
- jaysa: solid way to spend our fund down. 
- sbwilliams: do not want to run through misc fund for paper costs
- jaysa: exception for career fair days
- feng: not a good idea to make exception
- ncostello: would 20 sheets be sufficient? Partially alleviate with issues with resume, since it is typically single sided
- sbwilliams: start by switch sides to pages. But it looks less nice. Change this into effect very soon.
- luke: both numbers look fairly conservative. should be good
- sbwilliam: would go into effect prob next week. Will work on it.
- jaysa: nervous about changing this mid semester, things can break. Lets just do daily this semester.
- In favor: 15, Abstaining: 2, Against: 0, Absent: 1
- joie: social media post
- jaysa: GM should advertise this to ASUC
- Passes

Updates:


General Updates:

* General Managers: fengyihuang and lukepeters
Semesterly senate presentation
- GMs will do it about the last week of october. Anything to bring up?
    - Page-count
    - GMs: will create slide-show, run it through bog
    - jaysa: emphasize about how opstaff & sophie are funded through CACSSF. reach out to the right people sitting on CACSSF. Politiks.....
- GM will reach out to MLK and try and get OCF on their electronic billboard.
    - jaysa: maybe put video on that?
    - jingwen: a lot of work to create animation ;-;
- joie: how about accessiblity concern on the door left to the OCF?
    - feng: did not pass fire inspection, has to keep it close
    - luke: ASUC said they are working on it, but might take some time.

Site Updates:

* Site Managers: sbwilliams and storce
- sbwilliams: Color printing status check.  
    - only limiting factor is the technical implementation of color printing. the changes to enforcer and ocflib. Task is up for grabs, anyone can work on it! Its not too hard, new staff could do it!
    - storce: I will advertise this in GM today
- jaysa: IRC might still be broken... 
- sbwilliams: updated enforcer so that jobs that are not letter-sized are rejected instead of make the printers explode. (Actually huge - Luke Peters)
- jaysa: still working on desktop management. nice work blake!! Please check out hyperland if you have the chance.

Operations Updates:

* Operations Manager: eariespraud
- isabelle: survey of how many people can make it to halloween social? since it is calhack next week.
    - Sunday wins. Will make an RSVP form. More opstaff can make it that day.
    - Someone should make an annoucement.
    - jaysa: fund allocation?
    - isabelle: about $100 dollars blanket allocation.
    - rosie: approved (decided by jaysa)
   
Internal Updates:

* Internal Heads: joiew and ncostello
- joie: tech talk - thompson coming for tech talk
    - wants to do sth-sth-not-crypto-but-like-crypto-you-guys-know-what-im-talking-about
    - venture capital!!!
    - jaysa: thompson is very nice
- jaysa: more ricing today
- joie: idk what we talk about in GM?? 🤔🤔🤔🤔
    - talk about random topics??

Finance Updates:

* Finance Heads: finwan and rsang
- rsang: keyboards are real very soon
    - jaysa: can we buy more monitors? some are sketch.
    - rjz: trying to check warranty
    - ncostello: we made an approval for allocation for monitors like months ago
    - jaysa: just buy more more 💵💵

- rsang: OCF microwave (:cheers in the bod:)
    - jaysa: jz might have an opinion
    - rjz: o7
    - reel watching on microwave

DeCal Updates:

* DeCal Heads: erdaifuu, lic, and sawansri
(carl is dead)
- sawansri: attendance been dropping. will notify people
- GMs: incentive for attendance
(carl still dead)
- jaysa: js money is real, talk might not be real
(albert joins the chat)
- jaysa: re-wrting puppet lab to nix. will teach it. Core idea is that we run a NixOS vm on decalVM. 
    - The puppet lab currently is lame. You cant like actually play minecraft on it. Since only 3GB of RAM
    - Runnable by using SWAP... 
    - storce: upgrade hardware on implosion
    - jaysa: buy more laptops. What if we just give them a laptop instead of VM.
    - sawan: maybe introduce nixpkgs some time before?
    - sbwilliams: should be fine, class more about IaC
    - joie! joie! joie! (:the crowd began to chant:) (she shall be the lab rat for the new nixos VM)

Design Updates:

* Design Heads: jingwenyang and msonmez
- mina: no updates from me. looking at price range for airbnb for november retreat. lowkey expensive.
    - will need a break-down of our current budget. Still have a month so want to sit down and discuss this.
    - Advice is appreciated.

- rsang: design for advertising halloween social?
- joie: advertising for more paper
- jingwen: okay. Send me meme pictures.

- jingwen: about clothes, the shop recently closed, will not be back until november 10th

BoD Concluded: 
7:29PM